\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\title{Godel's Incompleteness Theorems}
\author{Submitted by Sibi Yadav }
\date{July 2021}
\begin{document}
\maketitle
\section{Summary}
Incompleteness, as defined by Gödel The limits of provability in formal axiomatic systems are 
addressed by two theorems of mathematical logic. Kurt Gödel published these results in 1931, 
and they are significant in both mathematical logic and mathematical philosophy. The theorems 
are often, but not always, taken as demonstrating that Hilbert's programme to find a full and 
consistant set of functions is correct.The theorems are commonly, but not always, regarded as 
demonstrating that Hilbert's programme to create a full and consistent set of axioms for all 
mathematics is impossible.
According to the first incompleteness theorem, no consistent set of axioms whose theorems can 
be listed by an effective technique (i.e., an algorithm) can prove all truths about natural number 
arithmetic. There will always be claims about natural numbers that are true but unprovable 
within the system for any such consistent formal system. The second part is still missing.The 
system cannot demonstrate its own consistency, according to the second incompleteness 
theorem, which is an extension of the first.
Under basic assumptions, Gödel's second incompleteness theorem demonstrates that this 
canonical consistency statement Cons(F) will not be provable in F. In Gödel's work "On 
Formally Undecidable Propositions in Principia Mathematica and Related Systems I," the 
theorem was first published as "Theorem XI." The term "formalised system" in the following 
sentence also incorporates the assumption that F is effectively axiomatized. "Assume F is a 
consistent formalised system that contains elementary arithmetic," says the second 
incompleteness theorem.
This theorem is more powerful than the first incompleteness theorem since the first 
incompleteness theorem's statement does not directly convey the system's consistency. 
Formalizing the proof of the first incompleteness theorem within the system F yields the 
demonstration of the second incompleteness theorem.
The incompleteness results have an impact on mathematical philosophy, particularly forms of 
formalism that specify their principles using a single system of formal logic. Incompleteness 
theorems imply that there can be no universal mathematical theory, no unification of what is 
provable and true. What mathematicians can prove is determined by their beginning 
assumptions, rather than some basic ground truth from which all answers are derived.
Mathematicians have discovered the kinds of unanswerable issues that Gödel's theorems 
predicted. For example, Gödel helped prove that the continuum hypothesis, which concerns the 
sizes of infinity, and the halting issue, which asks whether a computer programme supplied with 
a random input will continue forever or eventually cease, are both undecidable.
Unanswered issues have even arisen in physics, implying that Gödelian incompleteness affects 
not only math, but reality in some unfathomable way.
\end{document}
